I believe that animals are spiritual
teachers
you have a masters found just a
translator
you didn't mama
hello and welcome back to create harmony
today I want to talk about back
structure so let me introduce to you our
friends we have Cali the golden
retriever Yukon the wolf hybrid Mimi the
pitbull mix and our guest for the week
is Daisy she is a female Rottweiler of
three years old she's full breed and she
is with us to learn some basic obedience
so I took them on a hike because I
wanted to know her I wanted to know her
position in the pack I firmly believe
that the training of a dog should be
based on his position in the pack dogs
are different they have different
functions among each other and they have
different ways to learn and based on
that we should adapt their training so
this is what I wanted to see and I hope
you're watching carefully because it was
clockwork they gave us great clues about
who they are so first of all in the next
segment I'm going to tell you describe
to you the pack so you understand what
Daisy's position is and then in the next
part I will tell you how I'm going to
approach the training based on that
so let's observe who's first in was last
who's first always me me me me is not
the leader of the pack she is
the scout she is the skittish fearful
always on the guard always smiling
zigzagging in front of the pack she is
the one that is always vigilant and
giving clues to the pack about the
environment Callie
very domesticated breed very
domesticated dog these dogs have a
function that does not exist really in
the wild she tends to be the bridge
between humankind and dogkind I know
that might sound strange but if you
observe packs of dogs with human there
is always one of them that always tries
to bridge the gap between the two
species so that would be her role very
specific remember when you have several
dogs they all need a different task you
never want to treat two dogs the exact
same way you have to understand the
structure and based on that you have to
address them it's very very important if
you don't do this if you give the same
function to two members of the pack they
will get unbalanced let's move on now
let's talk about you you can't for a
second remember my belief is that this
is a multi-species
social structure among the canines is
always second that makes him the leader
of the canines he's always watching what
Mimi does to know the environment and
he's basically telling the dogs we are
going this way you can see it still
second God he's always last and then you
see Mimi in the bushes still scouting
okay now on this clip there's a split
all the dogs are smelling except for him
if you look at him he's paying attention
he's got an ear on Carlos and the moment
Carlos makes the decision he's the first
one to move in my opinion is the bridge
in terms of leadership between the
humans and the canines you're gonna see
here Carlos is gonna provide some water
Kelly's gonna drink first mostly because
she's the closest that new khan's gonna
come and ask to drink she's gonna leave
room for him and then Daisy is gonna get
a return and Mimi he's gonna drink last
and spill the ball and that's funny all
right and now let's talk about Miss
Daisy and how we were going to approach
her training as you might have noticed
she's always third right behind UConn
that makes her the dog that observes
watches what is supposed to happen and
then does it she also makes sure that
it's gonna happen she's an enforcer
that makes her a dog that is very
comfortable with following guidelines
very comfortable with following rules
very easy dog to train that said this is
also the type of dog that you do not
want to put in charge this is a dog that
doesn't have it in her to be in charge
you don't want to let this dog walk
ahead because it's not what she's
supposed to do this is not the type of
dog that's gonna be very comfortable if
you leave her alone at home with the
function of protecting the house it is
not her job she can help protect the
house but she cannot protect the house
on her own this is something to know so
remember when you want to train a dog
first of all observe him and figure out
what his function is in the pack once
you know this then you can decide what's
appropriate for him to look away
so no man on the side of the road pulled
on over and sat down his love what's it
son what's your name don't worry about
my dog he's not have time I've lived
here just about all my life and that
farmhouse there yonder these three kids
with my wife